if a person that you know is having, uh, suit of suicidal ideations or
thoughts or feelings or conversations And did you and you know that
they have weapons, uh, at their home or on their person? The one thing
I believe that you could do is stay with them, stay with them, have
someone, uh, meet them at their home or wherever you believe that
they have these, uh, items. Um, it is very important. The number one
thing is to stay with them and don't leave them. Ah, lot of people,
uh, when they are having suicidal thoughts and ideations, one of
the things that could help them or save their life is that you didn't
leave them. You were. You were there listening and having a conversation
with them.